Docs - platform support updates (#1042)
spatialos/UnrealGDK: SpatialGDK/Documentation/unreal-features-support.md

  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Xbox One</td>
    <td class="roadmap"></td>
    <td>SpatialOS has Xbox One support (<a href="https://improbable.io/blog/spatialos-now-supports-xbox-one-and-playstation-4-development">announcement</a>), but GDK workflows are not yet optimised for development on it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>PS4</td>
    <td class="roadmap"></td>
    <td>SpatialOS has PS4 support (<a href="https://improbable.io/blog/spatialos-now-supports-xbox-one-and-playstation-4-development">announcement</a>), but GDK workflows are not yet optimised for development on it.</td></tr>
  <tr>
    <td>iOS</td>
    <td class="roadmap"></td>

>     <td>While we have basic experimental support for iOS, it is not yet supported with sufficient testing and documentation for stable day to day development.</td>

Reviewer: Text is fine though a bit chatty - you could cut to the core info...

```suggestion
    <td>iOS support is experimental, with insufficient testing and documentation for stable development.</td>
```

<br/>------<br/>

> _2019-06-17 Platform support status updated with editorial review_

Reviewer: <3
